_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Research Interests"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Research Data Analyst at the California Policy Lab, working on issues related to homelessness in Los Angeles County. Our projects include building machine learning models to predict and prevent homelessness among single adults, families and youth as well as validating tools such as the Prevention Targeting Tool and the CES Triage Tool used for resource allocation by county agencies.  

Broadly, I am interested in applying computational and data science methods to the social sciences as well as thinking through ethics in conjunction with the development of machine learning and artificial intelligence. As no computational method exists in a vaccum of scientific objectivity, I'm interested in thinking about the various implications of technology on society.

![Measuring Complexity](/images/measuringComplexity.png "Graphic Measuring Complexity")

# About Me

I am planning on applying to PhD programs this 2021 cycle. Wish me luck!

Commit message:

small edit to about me section

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Research Interests"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a Research Data Analyst at the California Policy Lab, working on issues related to homelessness in Los Angeles County. Our projects include building machine learning models to predict and prevent homelessness among single adults, families and youth as well as validating tools such as the Prevention Targeting Tool and the CES Triage Tool used for resource allocation by county agencies.  

Broadly, I am interested in applying computational and data science methods to the social sciences as well as thinking through ethics in conjunction with the development of machine learning and artificial intelligence. As no computational method exists in a vaccum of scientific objectivity, I'm interested in thinking about the various implications of technology on society.

![Measuring Complexity](/images/measuringComplexity.png "Graphic Measuring Complexity")

# About Me

I was originally born in Georgia, but also lived in Austria before moving to the U.S. I have a deep love for languages and culture from having lived in different countries (if I could have a superpower, it would be speaking all the languages of the world fluently). 

![About Me - Georgia](/images/aboutme.png "About Me - Georgia")
